Pickling and Savemainsession Doc update (#26236)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/python-pipeline-dependencies.md

Dataflow, see [Pre-building the python SDK custom container image with extra dependencies](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/using-custom-containers#prebuild).

**NOTE**: This feature is available only for the `Dataflow Runner v2`.

> ## Pickling and Managing Main Session

Reviewer: If we're going to use Dataflow specific language here, we should specifically call that out in the section heading. I think this applies to other remote runners though.

Pickling in the Python SDK is set up to pickle the state of the global namespace. By default, global imports, functions, and variables defined in the main session are not saved during the serialization of a Dataflow job.

> Thus, one might encounter unexpected `NameErrors` when running a `DoFn` on Dataflow Runner. To resolve this, manage the main session by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, one might encounter unexpected `NameError`s when running a `DoFn` on Dataflow Runner. To resolve this, manage the main session by
```

simply setting `--save_main_session=True`. This will load the pickled state of the global namespace onto the Dataflow workers.
For more information, see [Handling NameErrors](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/common-errors#how-do-i-handle-nameerrors).

> **NOTE**: This strictly applies to the `Python SDK executing with the dill pickler on the Dataflow Runner`.

Reviewer: Doesn't this at least apply to all remote runners using portability (not just Dataflow)?

Reviewer: For example, we use it in our flink portability tests - https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/326373715e0ca071d610a03e92626b1957253f81/runners/portability/test_flink_uber_jar.sh#L24

Reviewer: Also, I'd make it clear that the dill pickler is the default.

Author: ah thanks for the catch! updating to make it clearer -- this doesn't apply on `DirectRunner`.

Dataflow, see [Pre-building the python SDK custom container image with extra dependencies](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/using-custom-containers#prebuild).

**NOTE**: This feature is available only for the `Dataflow Runner v2`.

> ## Pickling and Managing Main Session

Reviewer 2: Note that this is true when the pickler is `dill`.
